IMMEDIATE
Add e-mail preferences, and use them
Greeting - please make a note of this!
Fix dropdowns in Samsung Internet?
Add bug reporting
Add e-mails

GENERAL
Handle index pages etc. in bundles/routing
* Show a 'Shortcuts' section for suggested actions at the top e.g. if someone hasn't yet joined a group, needs to add suggestions, etc.
Create shared 'IsActive' predicates for IDeletableEntity and IArchiveableEntity
Add testing and production configuration
Add back buttons to relevant pages?
Add more auditing and make audit trails visible
Ensure all deletions and archives are handled
Add middle names (or initials?) to UserDisplayName only when the list has more than one with the same name 
	(or replace it with a boolean to display middle names, and use DisplayName() based on that)
Log unhandled exceptions from GlobalRequestProcessor into a database table
Create sysadmin role, set the first user as a sysadmin, allow sysadmins to add other admins, and allow users to message them

USERS/SECURITY
Handle 'forgot password' if security questions not yet set
Change password rules to encourage pass phrases

EMAILS
Enable e-mail functionality

STYLING
Add robin and santa images
Allow users to turn off or change speed of snow

GIFTING GROUPS
* Show an 'i' symbol that has the group description etc. (and whether the user is an admin) next to group names, e.g. in case of duplicate names
* Allow updating the currency for the current year, if the group currency has changed
Set a deadline/target for members to be in/out and recipients chosen (after which, users can't declare themselves in or out)
Show admins who is in the group, and
	- allow setting other users as admins
	- allow removing users from group
Tidy up available locations and currencies - add missing countries
Invite users to group via/using e-mail
Invite users without an e-mail address in the system to join using a unique token on the user, similar to the JoinerToken on groups, used only for that
Allow admins to set up the whole gifting group etc. and invite users using the methods above
Close (archive) a group?
Allow years to continue into January, just in case

RELATIONSHIPS
* End-to-end relationship test
Archive or update messages when relationship statuses change
Add a visibility status to say if the group admins can see the relationship
Put adding a relationship from the main relationships page into a modal?

GIFTS
Allow users to view more details of the person they are giving to, e.g. from the 'Show' (recipient) link in the year list, and a link from the year page
Add user postal and e-mail address functionality for sending and receiving gifts (optional, and must be enabled by admins)
Allow users to choose one other person they don't want to exchange gifts with

MESSAGES
* Show the sender's name when replying, and when viewing replies
* Show actual recipients when viewing, from an 'i' symbol, except when it's the gifter/recipient (or it's obvious)
Save draft
Use the modal version for writing messages from the index or sent pages?
Add other standard messages e.g. 
- response to invitation to join a group (automatic)
Add automatic message options, e.g.
- reply to suggestions
- message group admin
- report bug/issue
- report abuse
Link messages to the thing they relate to, so they can be updated or archived when things change using standard templates (at least until read)
Show if a message has changed, or it's no longer relevant
Forwarding?

SUGGESTIONS
* Show truncated HTML properly in the grid if possible, but don't truncate links
